Great work. In this lesson,
you've seen a high level overview of the concepts behind ROS.
You know now how the ROS master process functions as a parameter server,
and how it enables nodes to be connected over topics.
Also, you've seen how ROS nodes communicate over
these topics using message passing and services.
This Pub/Sub architecture is
a powerful and flexible design paradigm that will
allow you to build a variety of robotics applications.
Additionally, you've explored the turtlesim package
using ROS' powerful command line tools.
These tools will be helpful to you as you build
and debug ROS-based systems going forward.
So be sure you are ready to use them in the upcoming lessons.
Next, you'll learn how to build a basic ROS package called simple arm.
For real world robotics applications,
you'll always start by creating
a new development workspace and then adding software packages to it,
which is exactly what we're going to do in the next lesson.